Annoyed that you can't get a bunch of cool items on skyblock map? Tired of running all over the world searching for your favorite painting or statue? Sick of changing your system date just to unlock seasonal content? Then this mod is for you!

The Most Renewable Mod is a mod that makes absolutely every item in Terraria renewable. For reference: a renewable item is one that can theoretically be obtained in infinite quantities within a single world. The mod adds tons of new, original ways to acquire items and even more!

Major Additions:
Ś 4 new fishing crates types: Forest, Mushroom, Golem, and Underground. Careful with the last one because it can explode!
Ś Biome Key now can be used to craft awakened versions. Place one such key in an empty chest and face a new enemy: the Biome Mimic Chest!
Ś New enemy in Ice Caves: Slush Merman. Fires slush at the player
Ś Painting Covers drop from some crates, giving random paintings from specific biomes
Ś Configs for enabling Christmas and Halloween
Ś 2 new secret seeds: renewable heaven and parkour civilization. The first creates a replica of the [url=steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=3474881954]most renewable skyblock[/url]. The second is a mix of skyblock and getfixedboi seeds
Ś Golem now drops Lihzahrd Bricks
Ś The Frost Legion is no longer Christmas-exclusive. Its summoning item can now be crafted

1.4.5 Backport:
Ś All shimmer transmutations, including slime crown, which starts the slime rain
Ś Hellstone and hellforge drop from lava crates, dungeon bricks drop from dungeon crates
Ś Eye of Cthulhu will drop demon altar if there are zero of them in world. In respective situations, Evil biome boss will drop mini-dungeon and Planter will drop mini-temple
Ś Moss zombie, Waterbolt mimic and Statue mimic
Ś Empty bucket now filling with water during rain
Ś Slimes bodies can contain stone, granite, marble, LIFE CRYSTALLS, desert fossils and dart traps
Ś All items, affecting the luck (2 clevers, raven feather, pretty mirror and stinky potion effect)
Ś Ice bombs. What can I add here?
Ś Extractinator can process poo, hive, shell pile and obsidian
Ś Unsafe dirt and living wood walls. Obtained throught shimmer
Ś Crafts of ash, dungeon bricks, honey bucket and golden delight from golden carp
Ś Gothic blocks and crafting recipes for gothic furniture

Other Changes:
- Loot changes to most fishing crates
- Dirt Bombs have a tiny chance to spawn the Dirtiest Block instead of the regular one
- The Carrot from the Collector's Edition is now available in regular game and can randomly grow on grass
- Mechdusa can now be summoned in any world
- The Cultist's Mysterious Tablet might drop Moon Lord Legs when broken (somebody is just bad at summoning eldritch horrors, huh?)
- Glowing Tulip can randomly grow in caves near the edge of the world
- Solutions are now sold in dontdigup and getfixedboi worlds
- Killing the Clothier using his voodoo doll during the day will spawn the Dungeon Guardian
- Dungeon and obsidian furniture now craftable
- Bunch of lame crafting recipes, transmutations, NPC shops changes and mob drops added

If you found a bug in the mod or have any questions or suggestions, feel free to contact me on Telegram (t.me/csharpguy) or Discord (nytrock)